Document many dart:ffi native types (#3979)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/libraries/c-interop.md

* [Flutter dart:ffi page][binding]
* [dart:ffi examples]({{page.samples}})

## Interfacing with native types

The dart:ffi library provides multiple types 
which represent native types in C.

They all implement [`NativeType`][] and

> serve purely as markers in type signatures.

Reviewer: This is not true for `Pointer`, `Array` and user-defined subtypes of `Union` and `Struct`.

Reviewer: Maybe split the table in two down below? The ones that are truly only markers, and the others.

Subtypes of `NativeType` are not instantiable in Dart code.

The following are some common types used as markers.
Reference their API documentation for further subtypes. 

| **Dart type**                                                                         | **Description**                                                  |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [AbiSpecificInteger]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/AbiSpecificInteger-class.html) | The supertype of all [Abi][] specific integer types.             |

Reviewer: Dart 2.17 adds ABI-specific types such as Char, UnsignedChar, WChar, etc. to the list of predefined types.

I don't believe API-documentation for those has been generated yet, so that should probably be a follow up PR of this one.

Author: Yep, I plan to follow up with those additions in a separate PR which will land alongside 2.17. Thanks!

* [Flutter `dart:ffi` page][binding]
* [`dart:ffi` examples]({{page.samples}})

## Interfacing with native types

The `dart:ffi` library provides multiple types
that implement [`NativeType`][]

> which represent native types in C.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and represent native types in C.
```

Some native types are only used as markers in type signatures

> while others or their subtypes can be instantiated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while others (or their subtypes) can be instantiated.
```

#### Purely marker native types

> The following are some native types which are only
> used as markers in type signatures
> but are not instantiable in Dart code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists some native types that are only
used as markers in type signatures,
and can't be instantiated in Dart code:
```

| [NativeFunction]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/NativeFunction-class.html)         | Represents a function type in C.                                 |
| [Opaque]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Opaque-class.html)                         | The supertype of all opaque types in C.                          |
| [Uint8]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Uint8-class.html)                           | Represents a native unsigned 8 bit integer in C.                 |
| [Uint16]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Uint16-class.html)                         | Represents a native unsigned 16 bit integer in C.                |
| [Uint32]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Uint32-class.html)                         | Represents a native unsigned 32 bit integer in C.                |
| [Uint64]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Uint64-class.html)                         | Represents a native unsigned 64 bit integer in C.                |
| [Void]({{site.dart_api}}/stable/dart-ffi/Void-class.html)                             | Represents a void type in C.                                     |
{:.table .table-striped }

#### Instantiable native types

> The following native types can be used as markers in type signatures
> and they or their subtypes can be instantiated in Dart code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following native types can be used as markers in type signatures
and they (or their subtypes) can be instantiated in Dart code:
```
